[Music]  the united states of america  has fewer  than 1 million abortions  per year  on a good year  800 000 you can look up the statistics  for yourself does that sound like a lot  of abortions does that sound like if you  fully liberated  jose liberalized  the abortion laws in the united states  of america that that just couldn't  possibly go up anymore that everyone in  america  has as many abortions as they could  possibly need  have you ever googled  how many abortions there are per year  in india  do you think india  is a highly liberal highly sexually  permissive society for hindus for  buddhists or for muslims there are more  muslims in india than there are people  of any kind in the united states of  america oh oh oh  all of a sudden 1 million abortions per  year in america  seems like  nothing at all  india  you're closer to 16 million abortions  per year and  you may think well india has a much  larger population than the united states  of america it does  but it's not 16 times the saudis the  population of the united states of  america proportionally  americans could be having  as many abortions as people in india  you could be having far far more the  same way than americans have more  gastric bypass surgery more  fake breast implants more butt  enlargements more uh nose  rhinoplasty more facial plastic  americans have more of all kinds of  medical procedures per capita than  people in india but not  abortions  have you ever once in your life  looked at how many abortions per person  per year  people had in  former soviet states in eastern europe  under communism have you ever looked up  china have you ever looked up different  countries in western have you ever taken  a comparative perspective to this people  act like there's nothing to be debated  here okay people act like there's no  point to having a congress or a senate  or a parliament debate what kind of  society you want to have i'm not some  idiot who thinks you can have a society  with zero abortions two i don't think  that's possible and i don't think that's  desirable i think there's a difference  between having a society with one  million abortions a year and 10 million  abortions a year and i think there are a  whole lot of important questions to be  asked there and i would prefer  that they be asked and answered  democratically i think there are a whole  lot of questions to be asked there that  nobody in the united states of america  is asking today nobody  take a look at the inane pronouncements  coming from barack obama former  president united states barack obama  himself is telling you to go out on the  sidewalk  and stand there with a sign or a t-shirt  with a slogan on it why why why to  influence the supreme court  of all the branches of the government  united states of america  which ones are supposed to make their  decisions  based on um  the mood and tendency of the mob the  braying a crowd out of the cell oh oh  none  oh i'm sorry oh have you do you know  anything about the writing of the  constitution united states do you think  do you think congress do you think the  senate is supposed to give a [ __ ]  about what you're chanting on the  sidewalk  but of all the branches of government  that are supposed to be immune to  pressure from protests that are supposed  to be completely indifferent and unmoved  by  the chanting of protesters on the  sidewalk from the lowliest court making  a decision about unpaid taxes  to to the medium-sized courts that are  making a decision about a murder case  up to the supreme court the whole court  system is supposed to be immune  to public pressure it's supposed to be  completely indifferent to what the  president the united states wants to  what the democrat party wants to what  the republican party wants to what any  and all politicians want that even if  every single senator in the united  states of america stood up and said they  want the supreme court to do this for  this reason that the supreme court would  say we don't care all we're going to do  is interpret the laws and the  constitution as they already exist we're  going to completely ignore all pressure  all suasion from the president from the  senate from the congress and yes  certainly from people like you standing  there holding signs chanting on the  street and you know what  if you didn't have that principle  enshrined in law enforcement  constitutional commission then um murder  trials would become a [ __ ] popularity  contest  oh oh well some people want this guy to  be convicted for murder but there are a  lot of people protesting on the street  saying he's innocent oh and you know the  democrats they have five people in the  house saying that the judge should you  know decide that he's not guilty of  murder whereas the republicans say he is  guilty  that's not the way the court system is  supposed to work and of all people  barack obama  should be aware of that  the reality is  in the 21st century  americans  are  ashamed  of their legal system  but they don't want to admit it to  themselves they don't want to lift a  finger to change it americans are  ashamed  of their constitution  on some level  they know  this debate about roe v wade this debate  about griswold v connecticut is a  fiction based on a fiction based on a  fiction  that there's even one word in your  constitution  about abortion that there's even one  word in your constitution about the  right to privacy that there was a court  precedent that construed through  abstract reasoning that you know um  there's an implicit unstated unwritten  right to privacy embodied in the  penumbra  emanated by the constitution as a whole  and therefore it would be unreasonable  for the government to intrude on the  privacy of a married couple the implied  prophecies nothing about marriage in the  constitution nothing about sexual  privacy nothing about you know the  public interest of starting or stopping  at the 12th week of pregnancy nothing  about this a fiction based on a fiction  based on fiction a misinterpretation  based on a misinterpretation willful  ignorance and self-delusion  fastened on top of yet more willful  ignorance and self-religion why so that  nobody has to [ __ ] admit to  themselves that the constitution is bad  and evil and wrong and should be  rewritten or you should tear it up and  start with a new sheet of paper and just  write whatever the [ __ ] it is you want  the law to be  that you should all just stop pretending  you can misinterpret  the constitution as if  it limits for example your right to bear  arms your right to carry guns as if it  sets up the kind of you know gun control  regime that many countries in western  europe have for didn't take for granted  but the authors of the american  constitution never once considered  possibility as if implicitly  you can construe the notion of privacy  as being an unwritten principle  and then use that to make an excuse for  why the government shouldn't take away  people's contraceptives from their  veterans because i'm paraphrasing the  core decision on that one on the  griswold case because you know just be  unthinkable  for police to kick down your bedroom  door and and and search through the  drawers you know of of a married couple  and then arrest them for having  contraceptives there oh oh  unlike cocaine  because it we just can't possibly make  cocaine illegal as long as it's within  this this penumbra this zone of privacy  that a married couple enjoys where the  government has no right to to tread as  long as they're doing cocaine in their  bedroom as a married couple you  shouldn't kick down the door and look  through their  oh or is it because it's a private  matter again there's no right to privacy  in the constitution it's not one word  about this oh it's a private matter  between a woman and her doctor how about  female circumcision  how about muslims who want to circumcise  newborn girls cutting off parts of the  vagina  crippling them for life that's that's  real private that's squarely within that  zone of privacy isn't it a married  couple meeting with their doctor to have  a  obviously sexual  surgical procedure so the government  should fear to tread there you think  there's a limit on what congress or the  senate can do in legislating morality  for private matters private decisions  made between a husband and wife do you  want 500 years from now in the future in  the far future  500 years from now do you want people to  still be cocaine addicts  do you want muslims to still be  eviscerating  the vaginas of their daughters and  sexually crippling them professional  lives do you want newborn boys  to be circumcised 500 years from now in  the future do you want this the darkness  or the dark ages to go on forever  unquestioned and unchallenged and why  because of this concept of a zone of  privacy within within the marital  bedroom based on a misinterpretation of  a misinterpretation a fiction foisted on  top of a fiction onto this ancient  document that was bad and evil and wrong  to  begin with  americans are ashamed  of their legal system americans live in  constant fear of their legal system if  there's one thing every american knows  it's that whatever disputes you have  with people in life you've got to settle  it outside of court because only the  richest and the most privileged and most  connected can use the court system only  people like donald trump can benefit  from the court system that normal people  like you and i can just never have the  courts work in our favor and you know  throughout america there are people who  don't get married because they don't  want to ever have to deal with divorce  they're people who never write a will  they're people who never pay their taxes  they're people who live their whole  lives terrified out around the edges of  this court system that can bankrupt you  even when you're innocent  this court system that just creates  an army  of barristers  and an aristocracy of lawyers and judges  who live as parasites forever earning  their money through the interpretation  and reinterpretation  of what would be an embarrassment to the  most mediocre of minds if it were  written out frankly in plain english the  constitution of the united states of  america does not  give you  the right to abortion it does not  give you the right to privacy it  certainly does not give new york state  or california state  the right to take guns away from you to  have any of the regulations totally  unconstitutional totally immoral  regulations that are currently in place  that have been in place for decades in  both new york and california and if you  don't like it  change the  law